Hey guys, this is very important in reference to factuality of this country in which people are the legal, highest ranking people in this country. Put my ranking on public television of who I am and who my parents are. This government like man is burning my mouth, making me buy cigarettes and then burning my mouth. After I buy cigarettes, I need to move to another city and state. There is no statute of limitations of prosecuting these people. But swift justice is necessary against these satellite controllers. They have damaged my teeth, they are stalking me, they've stolen sperm, they've stolen my blood, they're burning blood when they're burning my mouth, they're burning bones. That's fourth degree burns, that is mutilation. That is hate crimes. These people must get prosecuted. Any politician think they out rent me in America. Which person is the largest landowner, any person that thinks they outranked me. You must go on television and say you think you outrank me. Don't forget I was born with impeachment status and I do have a legal right to impeach presidents, governors and mayors, police chiefs and other people even at their own companies. If they're trying to hurt me. Make sure you understand. I don't have nothing to hide. Motherfucker. These are my real teeth and you are trying to make me run around by you burning my mouth and teeth. You're trying to control my life, then you're trying to say stupid shit like oh that man on fire looks like he's out of control. What you did to my teeth man. Look at those black marks. Those are laser marks on the teeth, laser burns, laser burns and my dentist needs to go on television and state the facts that those are laser burns on their teeth or he can get arrested if he does not go on television to say that those are laser burns from satellite and government people doing that to my teeth. Look at that laser burns, laser burns. This motherfucker is trying to claim he had wider bones than me. This man is trying to play competition of my teeth. You are running my life, you better leave me alone. You fucking terrorist. All you people involved must step down from your position. My status must get advertised in the media of who I am and who my parents are. And if you try to call me a common citizen, I'm gonna sue you for every fucking penny. You got you fucking terrorist. You've been sexually assaulting me, you've been holding me hostage, you've damaged to my teeth. You must get prosecuted. You fucking terrorist and you tried to call me out of control. Let's set you on fire. Let's see how you jump around. You fucking freak.